---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Why join Startupbrk?"
description: "Gaurav's view of why Startupbrk experience can be awesome."
category: articles
tags: [internship, placement, startupbrk]
---

# Why join?
Startupbrk is an event where 'arts, business, engineering, science and life' students have the opportunity to create a startup over summer and winter break. Startupbrk experience can be a real differentiating factor. How?

### Solve real problems. Implement practical solutions. Manage a team. Grow a real business.
 
## Thinking about placement opportunities ?

####Companies value practical experience.
* It helps them ramp you up faster.

#### Companies use latest development methodologies and technologies.
* Very few companies of the new world use languages that are taught in the colleges.

#### Companies value risk-taking and initiatives.
* In school, you can only harm yourself by not doing things, in companies you can harm the whole team.

#### Companies value collaboration, team work and leadership skills.
* Contrary to schools where collaboration is cheating, companies need a lot of team work, because the problems are generally of bigger scale.

#### Companies can be approached through the people who they trust.
* Building your network with people who have seen your work can do wonders for your job applications.


## Thinking about internships?

#### Companies want to hire interns who can potentially join them later.
* So for all the reasons mentioned above, Startupbrk can be an incredible addition to your LinkedIn profile. Quick rampup can sometimes make all the difference, because of limited time.
