---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Featured - Saatvik's notes"
description: "Notes by an MNIT student"
category: articles
tags: [placement, startupbrk, students]
---

Simral, an MNIT student send us a note about her experience while parcipating in Winterbrk 2014. Simral was one of the winners of Winterbrk 2014, that was organized in Jan - Feb 2014.

We would love to share our experience with everybody. Here's how it goes :)

It was the beginning of December when we got to know the Android/Web Application challenge by SwiftDay was being organised in our college. Me and my partner immediately decided to be a part of it. After all, we had been waiting long enough for such an event to encourage ourselves to work hard and create something beautiful and useful. Our idea sprung from a common issue for us both. We are both amateur photographers. We love taking photos of nature, of people, and some rare patterns the sky draws up sometimes. We sometimes share our clicks on Facebook but hesitate to do so due to the uninterested audience and not big photography maniacs kind of a circle. That's where we get restricted. So we searched on the internet for a website that could offer us both a platform and an enthusiastic audience to appreciate and also to criticize our work so we could improve upon it. We found a few such websites. One of them is the world's most popular art community but we realized that it lacked that appeal and artist like environment or user interface. That's when we decided to make one of our own. 
And so we got to work right then, put our best effort and time day and night for a month and a half to create what we called as 'Artesania' which in Spanish means 'craftsmanship'.
 Due to the lack of time and having to manage the college courses along with this, we couldn't put in all the features we had in mind. So
we were a little hesitant towards presenting our application on the D-day. But then we couldn't let all that effort go to waste just because of our anxiety and low confidence, so we presented whatever we had done over there. 
After the presentation we were quite relaxed infact and being day scholars, we thought that lets go home it'll get late. But then there couldn't have been a better chance to learn about other team's apps and ideas, and hence we stayed back.
Then came the time of results and Voila! We were the Winners! Artesania impressed everybody. We were so glad and excited that all the effort did pay off. It was an amazing experience and it certainly made to our list of 'Best of First's ' ! We would thank SwiftDay for organizing the event and giving a platform for students like us. Hope such events keep happening at MNIT. 

-------

This could be you. If you would also like to share your Startupbrk experience, please send us an email.
