---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Featured - Saatvik's notes"
description: "Notes by an MNIT student"
category: articles
tags: [placement, startupbrk, students]
---

Saatvik Shah, an MNIT student send us a note about his experience while parcipating in Winterbrk 2014. Saatvik and Sanjay were one of the winners of Winterbrk 2014, that was organized in Jan - Feb 2014.

### How did you know about it?
I found out about the event from my friend Sanjay Thakur who had then posted information about the event on Facebook.

### How did you come up with idea?
I absolutely love good looking applications with gorgeous UIs such as Feedly, Clean Master, Gmail App by Google and dozens more. At the same time I always had the fear of designing since that is unfamiliar territory for me. Finally I decided to improve my designing skills and while at that design a gorgeous and slick UI. I also love keeping important notes but always had the complaint that although they were handy but always had the old boring feel of a school notebook without many personalization skills. Thus we decided to target the very old note-keeping genre but with the idea to provide a cool and slick UI with fluidity to the user when using the app without overcomplicating things(one of the major reasons I avoid Evernote/OneNote on mobile). Thats the gist of how we decided to make NANo

### How you execute it?
We spent about a week checking out different Note-Making applications. I tried to concentrate on the UI features added beyond Android 4.0(action bars,Sliding Menu,Customized ListViews,etc) and how to make these on my own while Sanjay concentrated on how to introduce functionality such as Bluetooth,Alarms,Database Maintanence,etc.Finally we started making the application from the first week of January and followed a simple approach of building our separate features and then connecting the User Interface with Features.There were a few holes on the way but we finally managed to finish building it by two weeks.

### How did you feel in the presentation?
It was fun to participate and compete with friends and seniors,hearing them speak and learning the simplest of things which I could have added to improve the application. Really enjoyed interacting with all the judges while eating pizza(that was a pleasent surprise). Finally justifying the application to be competitive both technically and a business idea was challenging but I guess we pulled it off considering the results. It does feel good to stand third in a competition especially amongst all other friends and seniors.

I just think that the competition should have been either only Android App or only Web App as Web Applications have much more scope than Android Applications in terms of size and features. 
It is really great to actually see an Alumnus taking interest in the college and bringing the students mind out from the old-boring schedule of studies to instead do something more creative.
Thanks for the oppurtunity,

-------

This could be you. If you would also like to share your Startupbrk experience, please send us an email.
