---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Summerbrk 2015"
description: "Info, Signup, Forum and Ideas"
category: articles
tags: [sample post, images, test]
---

## What's new?
This time we will also publish a bunch of simple ideas that you can choose to implement. Saurabh Malpani, a good friend, suggested that students can also implement the ideas that have already been successfully implemented. He calls it: Reinvent the wheel, when it comes to choosing an idea to work upon. Do you like whatsapp? Why not implement it? Maybe, later you can add some interesting twist ;). Remember the first and the real facebook app?

## Usual Suspects:

{% highlight json %}
var summerbrk2015 = {

  what:    'Web / Mobile Application Development Contest',

  when:    'May 15, 2015 to Aug 15, 2015',

  where:   'In the clouds',

  why:     'You know why, if not, check out http://startupbrk.com/'

  prizes:  '8K, 4K, 2K (not $$) and potentially more',

  contact: 'gaurav@swiftday.com'

};
{% endhighlight %}

## Signup [here..](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1b1H2tthtQfShuoAVu_XIhapSiNWFok4uXrVPPHjigDg/viewform)

## So..
Its time to signup, know your team and your idea a little more. But what if:

1. You don't have a team.
2. You don't have a team but you have a great idea.
3. You have a team but are not sure about your idea.
4. You have a team and an idea, but don't know the best way to implement it.

### What can you do?

The one place to discuss all of this is the Startupbrk [forum.](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/startupbrk)

### Team Signup

After you have formed the team, please signup [here.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1b1H2tthtQfShuoAVu_XIhapSiNWFok4uXrVPPHjigDg/viewform).

### All the best

Please continue to check startupbrk.com for more details about the program. We will keep you posted throughout the contest.

### More details:

* What to do: Write Android / Web applications and compete for awesome prizes.
* How to do it: Think of an idea (web or mobile application) -> Convince your friend -> Register -> Put the code on github or bitbucket -> Submit.
* Who can participate: Anyone who has access to a computer.
* Team size: Minimum 2 and Maximum 4
* Code: Use github.com or bitbucket.org to store and share your code. 
* Startupbrk reserve the right to change or modify the prizes at its sole discretion.
* Ideas: Here are some of the topics that may give you some ideas
  * Events related: Sports, Cultural, Tech events
  * Social – encourage collaboration around specific field of interests, Chat and other Communication apps
  * Real time traffic / other updates around city. City news. College news.
  * Crowd – sourced solution to public problems
  * Education related
  * Infrastructure issues around city?
  * Food – nutrition
  * Poverty - May be you know what to do.
  * Agriculture
  * Entertainment
  * Games - simple but engaging
  * e-Commerce – sell some stuff ?
  * Books exchange / sell - buy

Questions: Shoot an email to gaurav@swiftday.com 
